what's up YouTube simply Pokemon here
and today I'm hoping to put him on IX
emerald booster packs and hopefully I
get some awesome polls for you guys then
I'll ask you guys to check my channel
and subscribe for more pokemon videos
then the Pokemon question of the day is
and pokemon emerald the video game where
do you find or where is the location of
the legendary Pokemon on the pictures of
these packs answer that in the comments
below and the first one answer correctly
will receive a free book him on online
code
alright let's pop these packs open start
with Groudon okay we have a Rhyhorn
noble Treecko nice
Vulpix ball toy and a reverse foil
pikachu wow that looks awesome reverse
foil sweet and then a hollow foil
sceptile wow first pack nice number 10
in the set sweet then a camerupt and a
luminous illumise illumise next pack
will do Kyogre we have a Ross one of my
favorite Pokemon dou dou lo golden
Electrike Luvdisc a reverse foil Breloom
cool and then a rare nosepass and then a
battle frontier and double full heal
do the Rayquaza we have a makuhita Gope
in another Ralts volt or doe dua and a
hollow foil energy nice these things
look awesome
so can I get one of them cool and then a
rare multi energy Lum berry and Oran
berry now for the other rayquaza we have
a Whismur a Rhyhorn
noble Treecko papac's haver soil so
wobble ooh nice
and a rare Kyogre or tayo GRA have you
wanna say very nice
we have Combusken and swalot now for the
last final pack of my destination is
dukes have a ruts whole tour Dodie
though Luvdisc like I've gotten all
these already know there's a new on
Picchu oh nice another hollow foil
energy the fighting energy and then a
rare zangoose cool
Breloom and bow from here so we're all
not a bad few packs I got a rare Kyogre
oh sorry
oh well rare nosepass and multi energy
then for my reverse foils I got swablu
Breloom very nice I like playing
Breloom and my emerald game too
and a Pikachu which is a very
interesting foil picture and then for
the holo files I gots a fighting energy
a water energy and Sceptile alright
YouTube thanks for watching and remember
to subscribe for more videos and simply
Pokemon signing out